Allow dynamic id type for hasura data provider (#3752)
refinedev/refine: .changeset/clean-keys-collect.md

---
"@pankod/refine-hasura": minor
---

> allow custom ID type for hasura data provider

Reviewer: We can even provide more info about the feature in changeset. This is used in our releases and changelogs.

```suggestion
Allow custom ID types with `idType` property when initializing the data provider instance. `idType` can either be `Int`, `uuid` or a function returning the type by resource name.
```
